April 19, 2026, 5:49 PM

## Getting to Work

I don't know why but there is large resistance to wroking today in the office. It may on one hand be due to not wanting to work. I have no idea. It could also be from being tired and thus unmotivated. I wonder i typing here will affect my actual typing s[ead. It's pretty fun. I may see if there are other keyboards I can use. Wha do I most like about this set up. I think I wildo some autocorrecct. Because it is hard to go back at that will likely help me. Maybe I just needed a space to geet things out. Still dont want to go to work really. My plansor this applicatiois to darn its pretty hard typing on here maybe I get a better keyboard or a better screen. his application works weell for what I want it for though. I can likely shut off my phone or DND it around. This is pretty much  perfect for my use case. I'm really happy about it. Maybe I do something like a CTRL + and - on here for controlling the font. At work what I want to do is work on that system for getting the things from my mom's emails onto the spreadsheet for tracking our work flows and everything and then also it should have the abili for her or I to addtasks. Now what am I also feeling. It is like i am lacking space to be mysellf at home. I am feeeling liike I have this obligation to act and to be that is exhausting. To combat this I should have my goals alligned. for this time in my life I certainly want to:
1. Do good in law school - get A's - tranfer to a higher ranked school or Carsdozo whiel maximizing the oppourtunities I have available to me - meritt scholarships - open doors. Follow rythm atworking cadence.  Finish Lawschool in top 5-10% as asset to future plans.
2. Maintain a healthy, social life style - to take care of this body that God has so graciously given me. To take care of my mind and soul that God hagiven me.
3. Build Lto - Buld Lauta into a company that attornies love that is shaping the landscape of ices in NY, ND THUS HOUSING cPURT Gosh. Build Lhat atorneys loe that is sha L&T in NY for the better. Build Lauta into a company that attornes love that i NY for the better. Hitting 300 customers by spring 2027.b

